[DOCS] clarify v7 file realm configuration (#94778)
elastic/elasticsearch: x-pack/docs/en/security/authentication/configuring-file-realm.asciidoc

To use the `file` or `native` realms when any other realms are configured and
enabled, you need to explicitly configure them in the `elasticsearch.yml` file.

> If no other realms are configured and enabled, you don't need to explicitly
> configure a `file` realm. The `file` and `native` realms are added to the realm
> chain by default then.  Unless configured otherwise, the `file` realm is added

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If no other realms are configured and enabled, you don't need to explicitly
configure a `file` or `native` realm and they are added to the realm
chain by default.  Unless configured otherwise, the `file` realm is added
```
?
